If you are looking for your next career move and want to join a fast paced, dynamic and leading technology company, look no further! We are hiring software engineers who are passionate about delivering great customer value through developing leading edge technical solutions.
 

The Opportunity:

Our WebBeds IT team strives to be at the leading edge of technology, developing solutions to meet the travel needs of our customers. We are on a journey to evolve our architecture into cloud native distributed services.

Our product focused delivery teams are self-contained and have end to end ownership of their product. You build it, you ship it and support it, is core to the our WebBeds IT way. We are on the hunt for exceptional developers with agile principles at your heart and a true focus on adding customer value as you craft your code solutions. You will be working in a small self-managed team consisting of developers, business analyst, QA, UI, UX and people from across the business.

We don’t expect you to just read the requirements and code, but rather understand the business and customer drivers for the feature you and your team have been asked to build. You will be empowered to challenge the status quo and come up with innovative solutions.


About the Individual:

Experience working within the travel industry, a B2B company or with high volume transactional systems will be a benefit
Have exposure and experience in an agile environment.
Have a strong desire to learn and develop in more than one coding language, be open to learn and be the best you can be
Come up with simple solutions to complex problems; write testable, effective and communicative code
Be curious and passionate about your work and enjoy learning new things. Have a growth mindset
Don’t just be a coder. Be interested in the overall business context and creating great user experiences
Have some experience in Docker, and Docker orchestration systems (K8S, DC/OS, etc) or be keen to learn these … we can teach you
Experience in cloud technologies Google, Azure or AWS
Be a great communicator
As we are on our own technical transformation journey, there is still a need to interact with our incumbent (monolithic) technology stacks so some experience in 3 tier architectures is also desired.

 

Learn, Co-operate and Share:

Our developers have the opportunity to work amongst a global peer community and interact with architects and other developers across the Webjet IT group. Additionally, you will be encouraged to represent WebBeds IT in the wider developer community. You will be encouraged to share experiences and knowledge through lunch and learn sessions, meetups, conferences and other networking opportunities with peers in our IT world.

 

Roles can be based in London or /and in Palma. We are looking for juniors, seniors and technical leaders. 
